To accommodate the 1,965 Columbine students, the school day is being split with Chatfield students beginning early in the day and Columbine students showing up shortly before 1 p.m.
They bring cards and flowers, donate food and building materials, thinking about how impossibly sad it is when people _ particularly children _ die without reason, about what they would have done if it had happened to someone they love, about the people suffering most.
LITTLETON, Colo. _ Vice President Al Gore on Sunday bid farewell to Columbine High School's dead, issuing a ringing challenge to parents and schools before a crowd of 70,000.
Students leaving the school said the intense security inside scared them.
Calling the return to the classroom ``a very important next step in the process of healing,'' Monseu said the first thing Columbine students will do when they arrive at Chatfield High School is attend an assembly to reunite them with their teachers
LITTLETON, Colo. (AP) -- The day that Columbine High School students are to return to class has been delayed because so many have been attending funerals for students killed in the April 20 massacre, an administrator said Tuesday.
LITTLETON, Colo. (AP) -- Comforting each other with ceremony and song, Columbine High School's mourners turned a strip-mall parking lot into an arena of grief and promised each other they would reach past their pain.
The gathering, held in a movie theater parking lot under threatening skies, commemorated 12 students and one teacher killed Tuesday when two gunmen burst into the Jefferson County school wielding guns and bombs.
Ms. Bernside, a sophomore, said all the efforts to counsel students and banners in the school lamenting the deaths made things worse.
Jefferson County school officials said Columbine's 1,800 students would return to classes Thursday a few miles south at Chatfield High School, a school originally built to accommodate Columbine's overflow.
The principal came onto Chatfield's public address system and urged students to wear ``more moderate clothes both in school and when you go out,'' Ms. Bernside said
COLO-SCHOOL-SHOOTING (Littleton, Colo.) _ The governor of Colorado tours Columbine High School and says investigators are all but certain that the two gunmen had help from others; the police say security cameras may provide crucial evidence of a conspiracy.
LITTLETON, Colo. (AP) -- Students returned to classes Thursday at Chatfield High School, but the bloodbath at rival Columbine High haunted the halls.
To prepare for the resumption of classes, some of Columbine's 158 teachers met Tuesday morning for the first time since two student gunmen fatally shot 12 fellow students and a teacher before taking their own lives.
COLO-SCHOOL-THREATS (Undated) _ A wave of copycat threats of violence prompted by the Tuesday massacre at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colo., prompted school and law-enforcement officials across the country to respond quickly to any new sign of trouble, even if the threats were pranks brought on by a dose of youthful spring fever.
Tuesday morning 12 Columbine High School students and a teacher were murdered when Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, also Columbine students, opened fire with at least four guns and dozens of bombs.
