According to these newspaper accounts, Mrs. Ramsey can be heard screaming, and JonBenet's brother, Burke, then 10, can be heard asking what she had found.BOULDER, Colo. _ With the threat looming of a grand jury inquest into the murder of JonBenet Ramsey, the parents of the murdered beauty princess Thursday completed three days of questioning by prosecutors here, breaking their 16 months of official silence.In recent days, as a succession of Boulder police detectives have appeared before the grand jury, court observers say the Ramseys and their defenders are trying to score a counterpunch with the jurors.Although the Ramsey's have long declined to be interviewed by police, whom they characterized as biased in the case, their attorney said recently the couple would cooperate with the grand jury.``Mr. and Mrs. Ramsey have been cooperative,'' said Hunter, who declined to discuss the specifics of the conversations held in Colorado, except to say the family handed over some important documentsThree former friends of the parents of JonBenet Ramsey have asked for a special prosecutor to take over the stalled 20-month-old investigation into the slaying of JonBenet, the 6-year-old Colorado beauty princess.On Sept. 15, six months after the grand jury was impaneled for a one-year term, District Attorney Alexander Hunter of Boulder County took the case before the grand jury.Referring to the recent leaks and letters from acquaintances of the Ramseys, Craig Silverman, a former Denver prosecutor, said, ``They are playing to the grand jury.According to these reports, Mrs. Ramsey failed to hang up the telephone for a few moments after calling 911 to say that she had discovered a ransom note on her back stairs.A few hours after the dinner, White and Ramsey were searching the basement of the Ramsey house when Ramsey emerged from a room with his daughter's battered body.BOULDER, Colo. _ Sheets of white paper covered windows in the courtroom where a grand jury met Thursday to pursue its two-week-old investigation into the murder of JonBenet Ramsey.Hunter took the JonBenet case to the grand jury shortly after a former Boulder police detective on the case and three former friends of the Ramseys publicly demanded that Colorado's governor, Roy Romer, replace Hunter on the case with a special prosecutor.``You only use a grand jury to compel evidence: testimony or documents,'' said Craig Silverman, a former Denver prosecutor who is now a defense attorneyRamsey said that when he was told that police had tried to withhold his daughter's body for burial in order to force an interrogation, he lost all confidence in them, the reporters wrote.``Mr. and Mrs. Ramsey have been cooperative,'' Hunter said after questioning ended Thursday afternoonThe newspaper quoted two investigators as saying that Mrs. Ramsey claimed the toy did not belong in her slain daughter's room when she was shown crime scene pictures by police in June.