As Hurricane Floyd neared the strength of a Category 5 storm today and headed west, thousands of coastal residents were ordered to evacuate and NASA began moving workers out of the low-lying Kennedy Space Center.
MIAMI _ A hurricane that meteorologists said was four times the size of the infamous Andrew and potentially even more destructive pounded toward Florida Monday, forcing hundreds of thousands from their homes and leaving countless residents to hope that the massive storm would somehow miss their cities.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami reported that Floyd was expected to intensify today, becoming a Category 3 hurricane, and it could become a Category 4 with sustained winds of at least 131 mph by Tuesday afternoon, when it's expected to reach the northern Bahamas.
Hurricane Floyd strengthened to a very dangerous Category 4 storm today with 155 mph wind, surprising forecasters and charging toward the Bahamas on a path that also threatened the Florida coast.
Floyd's center is likely to pass close to the capital, Nassau, on Tuesday morning, said Arthur Rolle, deputy director of the Bahamas Meteorological Department.
FEMA officials say that regardless of where Hurricane Floyd strikes, the federal response will be far different from the tardy answer to Hurricane Andrew seven years ago.
A hurricane warning was issued north to Brunswick late Monday afternoon and a watch was extended as far up the coast as Savannah.
Officials posted warnings for Hurricane Floyd across the central Bahamas and hurricane watches throughout the northwest Bahamas.
As if the threat of this hurricane was not enough bad news for Florida, another potentially dangerous storm, Hurricane Gert, seems to be taking roughly the same path as Floyd, just a few days behind.
Though not as large as Floyd, Gert, the fifth hurricane of the season, was expected to pound through the Atlantic with winds well over 100 mph.
Residents along 35 miles of the Georgia coast also began bracing for Floyd, and National Park Rangers on Cumberland Island, the exclusive resort spot where John F. Kennedy Jr. got married, met today to decide whether to evacuate 89 campers and visitors.
Hurricane Floyd on Saturday whirred away from the Caribbean's Leeward Islands, but forecasters warned that Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands could be hit by heavy rains and flooding.
Only two Category 5 hurricanes have struck the United States since record-keeping began, the Labor Day Hurricane of 1935, which destroyed the railroad connecting the Florida Keys to the mainland and killed 423 people, and Camille in 1969, which killed 256 people along the Gulf Coast and in Virginia.
