KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) _ President Omar el-Bashir on Friday recalled Sudan's diplomats from Washington to protest the U.S. missile strike on a factory in the Sudanese capital a day earlier.The sentiment was echoed around the Middle East, where leaders and many citizens roundly criticized Thursday's American attacks on a factory in Sudan and camps associated with Muslim radical Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan.Clinton ordered the attack on the factory in Khartoum in retaliation for the Aug. 7 bombings of the American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.Clinton said the missiles hit terrorist camps in Afghanistan run by Osama bin Laden, the Saudi millionaire blamed by Washington for the Aug. 7 bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, and a factory linked to bin Laden in Sudan.KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) _ President Omar el-Bashir launched a diplomatic offensive Friday to protest the U.S. missile strike on a factory in the Sudanese capital.KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) _ Diplomats from more than a dozen nations were taken on a tour Friday of the Sudanese factory struck a day earlier by U.S. missiles.Even among the few Arabs interviewed who defended the U.S. attacks, some questioned whether the targeted Sudanese factory really made chemical weapons ``precursors'' as U.S. officials say _ or medicines as Sudan maintains.He said Sudan could ``prove that the factory is specifically for pharmaceutical production'' and not the chemical weapons facility described by U.S. officials.Overnight, Sudanese demonstrators stormed the empty U.S. Embassy compound in Khartoum and pulled down the American flag to protest the attack.KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) _ Hundreds of Sudanese trudged through the mud on a rainy Friday to gather by the twisted rubble and concrete of the factory heavily damaged by U.S. missiles.U.S. officials have said the cruise missile attack on the Khartoum factory was designed to wipe out a terrorist chemical plant linked to Osama bin Laden, whom U.S. officials accuse in the embassy bombings.U.S. President Clinton said the strikes were ordered to avenge the Aug. 7 bombings of U.S. embassies in East Africa and because of reports that more anti-American attacks were being planned.