LARAMIE, Wyo. (AP) -- Fourteen people were dismissed Thursday as jury selection continued in the trial of a man accused of beating gay college student Matthew Shepard to death.``Russell Henderson was a witness to the beating of Matthew Shepard,'' attorney Wyatt Skaggs told prospective jurors as Henderson's trial opened WednesdayHenderson is accused of pistol-whipping Shepard, lashing him to a fence in Wyoming's high plains and leaving him to die last fall.Authorities said Henderson and Aaron McKinney, 21, posed as homosexuals and lured the 5-foot-2, 105-pound Shepard out of a bar Oct. 6, kidnapped and pistol-whipped him and left him tied to a fence in the cold.LARAMIE, Wyo. (AP) -- One of two men arrested in the beating death of gay college student Matthew Shepard merely watched while the other man pistol-whipped Shepard and left him to die, a defense attorney said Wednesday as jury selection began.Authorities said Henderson and McKinney posed as homosexuals and lured the 5-foot-2, 105-pound Shepard out of a bar, kidnapped him, pistol-whipped him and stole $20.LARAMIE, Wyo. (AP) -- Police stepped up patrols today outside the courthouse for the trial of one of two men accused of murdering gay college student Matthew Shepard.WASHINGTON (AP) -- The day before one of the men accused of killing her son was going on trial in Wyoming, the mother of gay college student Matthew Shepard lobbied tearfully for hate-crime laws that could deter future acts of violence.Authorities said Henderson and McKinney, both high-school dropouts, posed as homosexuals and lured the 5-foot-2, 105-pound Shepard out of a bar last October and then kidnapped and beat him, leaving him lashed to a fence.Authorities said Henderson and McKinney, both high-school dropouts, posed as homosexuals and lured the 5-foot-2, 105-pound Shepard out of a bar last October and then kidnapped and beat him.LARAMIE, Wyo. (AP) -- A prosecutor asked 71 prospective jurors today to set aside the emotions of pity and rage if chosen for the trial in the death of gay college student Matthew Shepard.Russell Henderson, 21, is accused of posing as a homosexual to lure the 5-foot-2, 105-pound Shepard out of a bar Oct. 6.LARAMIE, Wyo. (AP) -- The strategy for the first defendant on trial in the beating death of gay college student Matthew Shepard is clear: blame the co-defendant.LARAMIE, Wyo. (AP) -- Seven people were dismissed Thursday as jury selection continued in the trial of a man accused in the beating death of gay college student Matthew Shepard.CHEYENNE, Wyo. (AP) -- The trial for one of two men accused in the beating death of University of Wyoming student Matthew Shepard has been postponed.