In 1980, once scientists knew that powerful earthquakes were stirring Mount St. Helens, few people were visiting the mountain.Mount St. Helens, the volcano that blew its top with cataclysmic force in 1980, erupted for the first time in 18 years Friday, belching a huge column of white steam and ash after days of rumblings.The volcano alert of Mount St. Helens was raised to Level 3, which "indicates we feel an eruption is imminent, or is in progress," said U.S. Geological Survey geologist Tom Pierson from the observatory.Mount St. Helens is one of several large volcanoes in Washington, Oregon and California that are part of the tectonically active Ring of Fire around the Pacific Ocean.Government scientists raised the alert level for Mount St. Helens after its second steam eruption in two days was followed by a powerful tremor.Scientists monitoring Mount St. Helens, which erupted Friday for the first time in 18 years with a minor explosion, said on Saturday that they were expecting a more powerful eruption within a day or so.Few people live near the mountain, about 100 miles south of Seattle.Air sampling had detected only tiny amounts of the volcanic gases that new magma produces, but scientists said the gases could be sealed inside the system or have been dissolved by water on the mountain.Lots of people here remember well how racked with fear they were in the weeks and days leading up to the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens, the volcano that rained utter havoc from 30 miles away on this tiny town.Few people live near the mountain, the centerpiece of the Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest about 100 miles (160 kilometers) south of Seattle.But the burst of activity sent scientists scrambling to establish whether the volcano, which killed 57 people when it erupted dramatically 24 years ago, was holding another more powerful eruption in store.Hundreds of excited tourists who had flocked to Mount St. Helens in recent days were forced to move to a lookout point several miles below, causing a deep traffic jam on the one winding road that leads from this small town in southwestern Washington up to the mountain.Friday's eruption brought hundreds of curiosity seekers to the area who were evacuated on Saturday from a five-mile (8 kilometer) radius around the mountain, including the USGS Johnson Ridge Observatory.Absent such a flow of molten rock, USGS scientists have said it is unlikely that recent increases in seismic activity on Mount St. Helens will result in a significant eruption that could endanger people or property outside the immediate vicinity.A tremor shook Mount St. Helens for 25 minutes early Sunday, prompting scientists to warn of an imminent eruption two days after the volcano came back to life.In those years after Mount St. Helens literally blew its head off, more than a dozen lava eruptions built a rock dome inside the mountain's crater.